Вадим, добрый день,



Надеемся у вас всё хорошо.

Хотели поинтересоваться по поводу списка поисковых слов для нашей
компании. Не получали от вас ответа с последнего нашего телефонного
разговора.





С уважением,



МАРСЕЛЬ ШАДМАНОВ

Руководитель отдела корпоративных услуг

Garant Business Consultancy DMCC







t: +971 4 421 4335       m: +971 52 938 5533       e: marsel.s@garant.ae
w:  <https://garant.ae/> garant.ae       skype: garant.dubai       a:
1201, Tower BB2, Mazaya Business Avenue, JLT, Dubai, UAE



___________________________________

The information contained in this communication is intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others
authorized to receive it. It may contain confidential or legally
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient you are
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any
action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in
error, please notify us immediately by responding to this email and then
delete it from your system. Garant is neither liable for the proper and
complete transmission of the information contained in this communication
nor for any delay in its receipt.



From: Marsel Shadmanov [mailto:marsel.s@garant.ae]
Sent: Monday, October 14, 2019 5:12 PM
To: 'manager@beontop.ae' <manager@beontop.ae>
Cc: 'Alexander Marts' <a.marts@garant.ae>; 'alexandr.s@garant.ae'
<alexandr.s@garant.ae>
Subject: SEO / Garant Business Consultancy DMCC



Вадим, добрый день,



Хотим поблагодарить вас за вчерашнюю встречу у вас в офисе.

После наших внутренних переговоров было принято решение воспользоваться
вашими услугами в полном объёме, т.е. SEO на английском и русском языках,
менеджмент Google AdWords и изготовление банера. В ответ от вас
расчитываем на скидку в 20% от общей стоиомсти ваших услуг.



На данном этапе мы бы хотели ознакомиться с вашим типовым договором, а
также хотели бы обсудить список поисковых слов на обоих языках.





С уважением,



МАРСЕЛЬ ШАДМАНОВ

Руководитель отдела корпоративных услуг

Garant Business Consultancy DMCC







t: +971 4 421 4335       m: +971 52 938 5533       e: marsel.s@garant.ae
<mailto:marsel.s@garant.ae>        w:  <https://garant.ae/> garant.ae
skype: garant.dubai       a: 1201, Tower BB2, Mazaya Business Avenue, JLT,
Dubai, UAE



___________________________________

The information contained in this communication is intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others
authorized to receive it. It may contain confidential or legally
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient you are
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any
action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in
error, please notify us immediately by responding to this email and then
delete it from your system. Garant is neither liable for the proper and
complete transmission of the information contained in this communication
nor for any delay in its receipt.



